---
layout: daily
title: Colonche to Salinas, 55km (bike)
uuid: e0814034-08cf-11e1-a49c-001c259a5de2
tags: [dailies]
teaser: Daily travelogue update for 05 Nov 2011
---

**From:** Salinas, Ecuador

Set out early. Thanked the nice owner of the hosteria that let me pitch my tent
for free. Tried to pay her a few dollars, but she wasn't having any of it.

Stopped after about 10mi for some breakfast at a little cabana along the beach.
Eggs, coffee, and some wind blown sand.. mmmmhmmm.

After the little mountain pass outside Puerto Lopez, the terrain has been more or
less flat. Riding into the urbanized area of La Libertad and Salinas was quite
a change from the calm rural riding of the past couple days. Lots of vehicles,
lots of exhaust. Egh. Do not like riding in urban centers.

Rode around Salinas for several hours. I really had no clue where I was or where I was going. That proved to be a solid plan, because I happened across a nice little place called "*Hospedaje Beach Camping*". They
weren't really on the beach, but they had a nice courtyard to setup my tent in.
Hot showers, shared bathroom, security, $4. Slightly expensive, but a huge
Ecuadorian holiday is just ending, so the price would've been lower had
I arrived a day later.

Placed my tent adjacent to a tent belonging to a nice Uruguayan couple traveling north. We exchanged tips about good camping sites, and couch surfing contacts. Got a preview of the crazy Spanish accent awaiting me when I get down to Argentina and Uruguay.

Today was the official conclusion of the *Ruta del Sol* portion of my bike
tour. The Ecuadorian coast is beautiful, full of friendly happy people, yummy seafood, and plenty of sun. The roads are in great condition. Most of the route had shoulders. In those stretches without shoulders, drivers were courteous and respectful.

Still haven't finalized plans for what comes next. Will do that tomorrow.


<div class='stb-images_box'><a title="Ruta del Sol Bike Tour Photos" href="http://photos.elusivetruth.net/Ecuador/Ecuador-Ruta-del-Sol-Bicycle/25087682_xJgC4d">Click here for all Ruta del Sol photos</a></div>

