---
layout: daily
title: The Balkan Detour
uuid: 64cbba30-acc5-48c5-a0d4-e82585ccaa5c
teaser: Daily travelogue update for 22 Aug 2013
tags: [dailies]
---

**From:** Novi Sad, Serbia (Aug 23, 2013)

Goals can be a bad thing. There I said it!

When I make a goal I feel, sometimes I feel restricted by it. As if the of
committing to a goal involves being shrink-wrapped in cellophane and smothered
until the goal is completed.

It's probably some sort of undiagnosed attention disorder, but invariably
something else comes along knocking me off course.

*Example:* My aborted cycle-across South America trip

The goal was to cycle across South America, but I only got some 1000km into it
before falling in love with <a href="http://elusivetruth.net/2012/01/26/daily.html" title="Going Domestic In Cuzco">the Andes and the Quechua language</a>. I ended up
spending over a year in the Andes never stepping foot further south than Peru.

**It's happening again!** That is to say, this blather is a long winded
confession to a new goal.  I am deviating temporarily from my trans-Europe
waterway route along the Danube for a month or so to take a roundabout in the
Balkans, specifically former Yugoslavia and Albania.

This region is too interesting, too unique, and *too close* to pass up.

Today I'm stowing the boat and riding southwest from Novi Sad towards Sarajevo in
Bosnia and Herzegovina.

Of course this means I'll be paddling the rest of the Danube in the winter, but <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=Tzcxe8MR1l0" title="Video Update: Ice, Ice Everywhere!">I'm no stranger to winter</a>.

My planned route through the Balkans is in <mark style="color: #DF3AFC;background:none;font-weight:bold;">purple</mark> on the map.  Reality often
doesn't go as planned. But the beauty in life comes from the unexpected and
unimagined. I'm OK with that, even if that means putting other goals on hold.

**Do you have any suggestions for my Balkan Detour? Places to visit, people to meet?**

